Hi everybody and welcome back in this lecture we're going to look at how to modify an attribute value
to a method so we can have methods that update certain attributes for us instead of accessing the attributes
that directly like we did in the last lecture we can pass the new value to a method that handles the
updating inherently.
So let's look another example.
So as you can see I have my class e-reader here and I just remove the last few lines from The Last Lecture.
So in this example we are going to modify our e-reader class with the addition of a new method and let's
add that method now.
So here we go.
And it goes here the F I'm going to call this update library count so you can tell from our name.
I'm going to have solve this is going to take a new parameter and we're going to call it book can't
actually e-book can't because that's what it's doing counting our e-books for our library.
Colin we have to give it a description.
Set the library.
And there we go.
Now what we wanted to do.
Well we wanted to take our library count.
So self-taught library count.
I'm going to give us.
We're going to make it equal to or e-book count so how many e-books that we actually have now and how
do we call this how do we make this work.
Well we got to the end of our program and we say my new e-reader does updates library count and what
value do we want to pass for a method.
What we want to pass let's say 48 so we have 48 books we get 48 books are doing well.
My new e-reader that and we want to call our previous method we just read library count read library
count brackets.
OK let's see what we get.
There you go.
You have 48 books in your library.
So in this example we modify our e-reader class with the addition of update library count here.
This method takes in AIM and the Count and stores it in self-taught library count at line 33.
We call update library count and give it 48 as an argument.
It sets the library count to 48 and read library count prints out the new reading.
Hope that made sense.
It's another simple way to modify an attribute value.
Thank you for listening.
And if any questions please do not hesitate to contact me and I'll see you in the next lecture.